Fix #1804: Update JVM to 25 (#1805)
wultra/enrollment-server: docs/onboarding/PowerAuth-Enrollment-Onboarding-Server-2.2.0.md

A new property `enrollment-server-onboarding.onboarding-process.process-event.types` has been added to the configuration.
It contains a list of event types that are supported to be published.
The default value is `PROCESS_FINISHED`, `DOCUMENT_VERIFICATION_FINISHED`, `FINAL_DOCUMENT_VERIFICATION_FINISHED`, and `PRESENCE_CHECK_FINISHED`.

## Dependency Updates

### Docker Base Image Upgrade

The Docker base image has been upgraded from `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-21.0.9_10-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 21) to `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-jdk-25.0.3.0-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 25).
No action is required.

### Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3

> PowerAuth Cloud has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.

Author: ```suggestion
PowerAuth Enrollment Onboarding Server has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.
```
